thank you very much it can be quickly controlled
the concept
which is called dynamic
is the most important thing in music
I needed piano piano piano
also a little mezzoforte because not everything should be sung because from the
beginning
end however you did very well
i the track leaves a lot to challenge you to want - yes especially two boxes the two
daughters in eighths
leaves much to be desired and that the teacher has to demand
of cantes with a good track
steele gerardo
I mark very well places in 3 2 elson sing it's just very difficult
yes when is the key in two three or in 3 2 in this case you did very well
congratulations quintero
I did not do it
Sanchez has the floor
it's also worth
either from many people here in Mexico I probably do not know that my father was
opera singer will be bass baritone
that by the way so much with the world of eta on my internal hard drive hectares
with her
parked in words the truth is that I do not know eta announced a lot and wore many
advice but we were he
for me basic and very important and one of them
Born of
I did what I did, I decided to sing, especially about what I did not
no one
talent
the money is too much
It is spectacular
stopping falling into that error
Gerardo
for 1100 acid a joy especially to see dance to lola that goes great
that they get
martino also the motorbike
I see a this common denominator in the fields announced the project
quesque
between two or three of all the participants with more
but the hunger for triumph and the desire to train
what I'm seeing I did not expo and you stopped
you know that you have a good voice you know your presence helps us the favor of is
a bad imitation of luis miguel
this is very sad I think
that should not be like that
do not throw dinner like you had throwing
and I think we're in the seventh concert
she is too
I think it's too much
that the voice color
it sounds very similar
by the way because they are comparing with Luis Miguel but I want to say one thing
that the wine nothing more
to hang out or assault the court
the lord to spend a week sick completely we did not even know
if he is going to be able to sing what he said and it was achieved tonight it was wonderful
what he did today
It has been wonderful
can it be clear that the colorado looks like but can not come to say
He leads the song long ago no sir on Sunday the siena takes the whole week
more than anything for the fact that he
and that special of the Italian enel
it's a catchment issue
I did not say what you understood were two different things
ch novices the son of young people take seven concerts
constant equal
and it always turns out that his students get sick
They are sick or they have a misfortune we are there they went through a
difficult time people what they see
the house is what matters
and how to do is to deliver on stage José Galván
and they are waiting on the stage of the tour
from Argentina
julito with left criticism
chivas thank you very much
a cumbia last week a sauce this week
today we have your life story again how nice that came tultita
berthet
this site is a question how am I going to do it from today
to each of the students who pass
how do you feel you did it you think you saw 100% that it exists
optimal high performance
me when at the beginning they gave me the sauce
dissimilar high points of the EU only the eighth of the question is at stake
is the only thing I ask is the price of the lot a lot of discomfort thanks
the problem
those who are living a mediocrity
product the treatment they are having and the professional guide that they are
having also inside the house that's why we have a young man who has more than
10 years of the recurring artistic career asking to do what we finish
of 'break' which is not satisfactory for a project in the hands of NATO
granted now yes gentlemen judges yesterday
chacho please
I already had time for sand says challao
nocioni despite everything
that they play anything
Martha
there is wrong
there are cases in the guillotine